Adding security related questions to PR template (#35)
splunk-soar-connectors/.github: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Other (please describe): 

> ## Security Considerations (REQUIRED)

Reviewer: should we add "checkboxes" like the sections above this one have?

Author: I think that would make sense, will add them

- If you are exposing any endpoints using a [REST handler](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/SOAR/current/DevelopApps/RESTHandlers), 
  please document them in the `readme.html`.

> - Are you introducing any new cryptography modules? For what purpose?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are you introducing any new cryptography modules? If yes, please elaborate their purpose:
```

> - If this is a new connector, or you are adding new actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this is a new connector or you are adding new actions
```
